# Java SDK for Zitadel

Develop and deploy applications with the Java SDK for Zitadel. The SDK
makes it easy to call Zitadel services using idiomatic Java APIs.

## Getting Started

### Sign up for Zitadel
To use this SDK, you need a Zitadel account. Sign up at the official
Zitadel website and obtain the necessary credentials to access the API.

### Minimum Requirements
Ensure you have Java 8 or higher installed. You also need Maven or Gradle to
install dependencies.

## Using the SDK

### Installation
Install the SDK by adding the following dependency to your Maven `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.zitadel</groupId>
    <artifactId>zitadel-sdk</artifactId>
    <version>1.0.0</version>
</dependency>
```

Or with Gradle:

```gradle
dependencies {
    implementation 'com.zitadel:zitadel-sdk:1.0.0'
}
```

### Authentication
Provide your Zitadel credentials (such as a personal access token or other
token) to authenticate SDK calls. Refer to the Zitadel documentation for
instructions on obtaining credentials.

## Contributing
This repository is autogenerated. We do not accept direct contributions.
Instead, please open an issue for any bugs or feature requests.

## Support
If you need help setting up or configuring the SDK (or anything
Zitadel), please head over to the [Zitadel Community on Discord](https://zitadel.com/chat).

There are many helpful people in our Discord community who are ready to
assist you.

Cloud and enterprise customers can additionally reach us privately via our
[support communication channels](https://zitadel.com/docs/legal/service-description/support-services).

## License
This SDK is distributed under the Apache 2.0 License.
